listen it's still spider-man 2 over all
of these right here I know a lot of
people argue for into the spider verse
and I do think it came close but between
the two one of them has stood the test
of time past decades it's the one people
lie about getting topped every year when
you hear it's finally better than
spider-man - it's better than spider-man
- finally better than spider-man - but
the thing with spider-man - is that it's
also the one that's always getting
homage pretty much
it's your favorite spider-man movies
favorite spider-man movie this new one
tried to get close but I also think it
isn't fair to compare new installments
to a masterpiece they should be allowed
to be their own thing and especially
considering that we're living in a time
where spider-man fans on Twitter sound
like sonic fans complaining about dirt I
think that it's just better to have fun
with these and while I will have an
entire spider-man video covering all of
them with full LME's spoilers coming up
it was gonna be a little bit different
since I was able to see the movie early
and it's gonna be a complete non spoiler
review for a movie I consider to be a
fun jr. price but it has - after credits
that almost pass being a combo and make
the movie
let me explain so the trailer synopsis
for this is that it takes place directly
after endgame to the point that it's
ending phase 3 and the entirety of the
Infinity Saga which is what the first
three phases are a lot of people have
argued that um why not end it on a movie
that has the actual word ending in the
title but I actually think it makes
sense because not only does the plot
actually continue and sort of wrap up or
set up what phase 4 is going to be but
when you really look at it this movie
that has the best after credits scene
when you're looking at it in terms of
the infinity saga is the perfect after
credit movie for it it really was all so
far from home because they shot
everywhere since the whole premise is
that Peters on vacation with a school
Peter struggling between being an
Avenger after Tony's death or as always
with a spider-man movie struggling to
handle this great power because it comes
with too much responsibility
but you can tell they had fun on set
maybe too much fun on set but I am
excited to see how people feel about the
second half of this movie because I
personally think it's a lot like another
MCU movie that I did enjoy some would
disagree that it takes that turn but
when I mention it in the spoiler review
I think a lot of you are going to agree
with me because I can see a lot of
people nitpicking the hell out of the
second half you know you can
disassociate yourself to the lore and
see this as a new interpretation but a
lot of people will not have it with
Spidey take on Mysterio in the comics is
different see cuz what they're trying to
do with the new spider-man series is
kind of make it like the new Harry
Potter there's a direct quote that comes
from Feige himself it is the next teen
high school center series that doesn't
do the numbers bit but a subtitle using
home I don't know what's next spider-man
homeland a home again home alone there
are a lot of ways that they can go with
this so I'm pretty excited for what's in
store you know when they go to his
junior year his senior year if he ever
makes it out of college because we've
never had a Spider Man for Andrew didn't
even get it there and considering that
this is a co-parenting job that's going
on here because Sony is sharing
spider-man with Disney things can get
pretty complicated because Sony is
already wanting to connect their random
venom movie with the new spider-man and
is he's like nah he'll there's even been
moments where Sony has ruined things for
Marvel's grand plan something that I'll
cover more in the bigger spider-man
video but yeah we were actually supposed
to think everyone was dead if it wasn't
for Sony so these guys either got to
pick up the rights or spider-man during
a Black Friday sale or Disney has to buy
out Sony which I know was impossible but
you already got Fox George Pixar I'm
pretty sure y'all can put a hit on Amy I
personally think both of these movies
are in the same level in terms of comedy
in terms of developments acting tone
pretty much however you feel about
homecoming will determine how you feel
about this one but I personally like the
consistency I already know what people
are going to complain about because I
have been hearing things about how this
movie may be kind of taking everything
to a different direction that all of the
consequences an end game are kind of
seen as a joke here but the thing is
it's it's a teenager move
like there's literally a quote out there
that says that this is all supposed to
be an homage to John Hughes this is an
Avengers movie this is meant to be
comedic tumblr girls are going to
overuse the word bow now just watch I've
already checked the sites to see if the
words trending not those stocks are
gonna go up in a couple of weeks but
easily the thing that's gonna be talked
about the most are the after credit
seats some like for it to be a surprise
I don't really get that but I'm telling
you right now that I'm confirming it for
those who go with their families to the
movies and once the movie ends decide to
get up instead of waiting in the chairs
for the credits to finish thus making it
seem like they're pressuring you to
leave because they don't want to wait
after the movie and you don't want to
sit there risking that there may not be
an after credits scene so instead you
pull out your phone and Google does far
from home heaven after credit scenes and
you know you click on the first random
article you see and even though the
title of the article is in English and
it says the Spider Man have an after
credits scene and ends up just being a
huge synopsis ad cast ad release States
ad and then a maybe so I'm telling you
there are two after credits scenes one
at the beginning one at the end and if
you miss any of them you literally have
not seen the movie now one we can argue
about whether this is the best after
credit scene in an MCU movie I obviously
think so but you're allowed to have your
opinion I don't know if you're gonna
come up with shawarma or if you're a
masochist aren't gonna pick this one I
can't think of any and that's mainly due
to point number two which is not
debatable because if you do not stay for
the after credits scenes like I said you
literally have not seen the movie a lot
of you don't take them seriously because
you usually think they're jokes but I'm
telling you after you see the first one
that comes up you're gonna be thinking
about all those people who left the
theater faster than Miami Heat fans
going damn they haven't seen the whole
movie but then when the second and final
one comes up that's just Marvel
literally telling you to buy another
ticket to watch what you just saw will
people argue about the after credit
scenes and say they're not as consistent
perhaps but it's literally what sets up
what I can only imagine as B
the biggest part of phase four to say
that thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below
it's really weird doing one of these
videos with no spoilers as you guys know
I like to actually explain things so
talking about Jake Gyllenhaal but not
being able to tell you what happens with
this character talking about the after
credits scene without telling it yeah I
like sticking to the spoiler stuff so
that's definitely what I'm gonna do as
some of you know if you follow me on
instagram i had about the whole 4k set i
have a bunch of the Vudu codes as well
that I may be giving out on the Monday
live streams if you watch those but
because I got all of the movies with all
the extra features it's taking a bit but
we're trying to watch all of it the same
way we're doing with child's play and
with Toy Story to be able to get like a
really big ellamy from the first
spider-man to spider-verse
and I'm pretty excited for it we are in
that weird place though right now where
none of the thing pieces for spider-man
have been written
there's no petitions for any yet Twitter
hasn't found anything to cancel but once
Tuesday hits Oh bull I'll be seeing some
of you back here in this comment section
after you see how I called half of it or
I'll be seeing you guys in the full
spider-man LME video either way a big
thank you for watching and this time
instead of just commenting liking and
subscribing go tweet at LME explain our
new little Twitter page that we have
what your favorite spider-man movie is
and why and the best one ldm for two
imax tickets for opening day so that
they can enjoy it as a combo price